add notes about nextjs 13.x unsupported features (#105)
axiomhq/next-axiom: README.md

### Web Vitals

> :warning: Web-Vitals aren't supported yet in Next.js 13 and above. Please use Next.js 12 or below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: Web-Vitals are not yet supported in Next.js 13 and above. Please use Next.js 12 or below.
```
